hello I would like to play the drums
okay we have many instruments in the
band and choosing an instrument is
important would you like to try out some
other instruments to make sure that you
choose the best one for you
I have clarinets trumpets tubas and
euphoniums no I would like to play the
drums to be a percussionist you need an
excellent sense of rhythm and there is
much more to percussion than playing the
drums I have very good rhythm since I
was a baby I have been drumming on
objects can you teach me to play the
drums in your band many babies and
children drum on objects in the room
around them a successful percussionist
will have an excellent sense of time
responsibility dependability
organization and patience are you a
patient and responsible person when can
I start playing the drums I said that in
order to be a successful percussionist
you must be patient and responsible I
have good rhythm I can even make drum
sounds listen boom-boom boom-boom
boom-boom
look there is a bird in the sky
boom-boom boom-boom those sounds were
not in time and you lost your focus in
the middle to look at a bird in the sky
perhaps you would do better on an
instrument which is not so focused
entirely on rhythm
have you considered playing the
euphonium or maybe the clarinet I want
to play the drums boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom please stop doing
that your sense of rhythm is not good
you would make a very bad percussionist
my parents already bought me a drum set
from super big box marked when can I
start playing the drums in the school
band can I play the bass drum if I put
someone with your sense of rhythm on the
bass drum the entire band will lose time
furthermore their drums and cymbals from
super big box Mart's sound like tin foil
wrapped rusty nails on a very old and
dilapidated chalkboard to be a real
percussionist you will need to get
better equipment than that and you will
also need a xylophone or Bell set I
already have a bell it is attached to my
parents front door and it rings when
someone presses the button on our front
door will you teach me to play the drums
in the school band I would like to play
the bass drum boom boom-boom boom-boom
boom-boom boom-boom please stop that
your booms are out of time I cannot
allow you to play the bass drum in the
band
it would make it impossible for the rest
of the band to stay in time my friend is
starting a rot band he will need me to
be the drummer in the rock band I will
play my drum set
boom boom crash them crash crash boom
have you considered the air guitar or
air drum set you might make an excellent
air guitarist or air drummer I need to
play the drums drums are loud I need to
play the drums so that everyone can hear
me and my friends band boom crash boom
crash boom crash crash boom boom boom
boom boom
where are my earplugs will you please
stop when crash boom boom boom boom boom
crash boom boom I would rather be
rickrolled than listen to that all day
long
please stop crash crash boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
please let me know when and where your
friends band is playing a gig I will be
sure to not go there then I want to play
the drums will you teach me to play the
drums in the band will you show me how
to operate the drumset boom crash crash
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
no I will not I will teach students with
bad time and I will teach students who
act in an annoying way as long as they
want to learn proper percussion and are
willing to practice your behavior in
this conversation has been annoying and
you have bad time and do not seem
interested in learning the bells or the
xylophone in addition to the drums
perhaps you can join the football team
I'm going to leave now goodbye boom boom
boom crash boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom crash boom
you